
0.5
---

Initial version of the software. Now we can play CDs and MP3 files, save
and load playlists, and retrieve CDDB information. We also have a nice
user interface and other stuff like that.

1.0.0
-----

Fixed a bug that led to including . and .. items into playlists when
whole directories were selected with the "Add MP3s" dialog.

Now when the libghttp library is not found during the ./configure phase,
the CDDB reading feature is disabled automatically.

The "Eject CD" function was added.

Now it's possible to control a play mode with the configuration dialog.
There are three modes available now: "Normal", "Repeat track", and
"Repeat list".

The edit MP3 tags function was added. Now it's enough to press the "e"
key on an MP3 playlist item to invoke the tag modification dialog.

1.0.1
-----

There were some problems that didn't let the program compile well with
gcc 3.x. Now they're fixed so that you won't have any problems with the
new compiler anymore.

The edit mp3 tags function now adds a tag record if a file is not tagged
or incomplete.

1.0.2
-----

Several cosmetic changes and improvements were made.

The "Random" play mode was added. Possible to modify from the
configuration dialog.

1.0.3
-----

File selection box was improved, it became more friendly and allows
single file selection with Enter. The previous solution with the Ins key
was not so obvious.

Applied a patch from tolix <vastol@uni.net.ua> which enabled Orpheus to
read m3u in Windows/WinAMP format.

1.1
---

This version adds support for the famous free compressed audio format
called Ogg Vorbis! Now all the nerds or just freedom liking ones can
enjoy the tunes. If you've got the libvorbis and libvorbisfile libraries
you can also read and write OGG ID tags. Though you still can play the
files if you don't.

Russian encoding support in the CDDB module was fixed. Now Cyrillic song
names are shown correctly.

Some playlist load and save problems were fixed.

1.2
---

A nifty feature was added, aimed to ease the playlists management. It's
called the recent playlists directory and can be invoked with <Tab>.

File manager in "add files" and "load/save playlist" dialogs used to
behave weird, skipping over directories when going to upper directory.
Fixed now.

Sudden hangups during playing ogg files were fixed.

Some bugs related to OGG tags editing were fixed.

1.3
---

Space can be now used to pause playing. Skipping more playing time
forward and backward was added, and can be done with '}' and '{' keys.

Auto-play behaviour was added. Being enabled in the configuration
dialog, it will start playing whenever possible: either on adding new
files or loading playlists.

Xterm support was improved. The window gets resized on xterm resize, and
if you specify the "-xt" command line parameters, track titles are shown
in the window title bar. The latter is based on the patch sent by Ciaran
McCreesh.

Internal mixer controller was added. It's possible to invoke it with the
"m" key.

1.4
---

File called ~/.orpheus/currently_playing is now created during playing of
tracks, which makes it possible for other applications to easily find out
which music is playing now. Centericq's LJ module already makes use of it ;)

Fixed a bug in the mixer dialog, while adjusting volume on the right
channel, completely muted the left one.

When resizing terminal window in X-Window, orpheus started playing from the
beginning of the list. Fixed.

Search through play list function was implemented. It can be invoked by
pressing the slash key.

Play list sorting was implemented. There is a new option for that in the
configuration dialog.

Fixed a bug that resulted in orpheus displaying length of some MP3 tracks
incorrectly.

1.5
---

The libiconv link problem should be fixed now.

Sorting option list was extended so that now it has file name, track
name, track length and last modified (date) parameters.

Bit rate and frequency are now displayed (read-only obviously) for the
track information in the "edit tags" dialog.

A running instance of orpheus can now be controlled from the command
line using the --remote (-r) parameter.

When in random play mode, the next track command (+) goes not to the
next on the list, but to a random track.

1.6
---

Conversion from utf-8 for OGG tracks was added.

Support for internet radio was added. Broadcasts can now be added to the
playlist along with the other items. For the initial stations directory,
the presets directory from the screamer-radio project is used.
http://screamer-radio.com/
